oh all right guys Trevon 105 here for
one more omelet video I'm gonna show you
my stash of rare weapons and I know the
locations for all of them so if you
actually want to find one just message
me and I'll tell you exactly where I
found it maybe might help you out so the
ones I have in my inventory I have
daggers I got the fuck are those are and
I'm gonna try facet demon horns the
doves wings the lion's claws at Shara's
song or whatever chakrams I got a
Linear's edge whatever that is the
mystic hammer alright now I'll go to my
stash I stash I have a staff of the
ashen profit the obsidian scepter and
Yarmuth hammer the sorrow you get from
the house Sarris quest line science
beyblades Arctic shot frames of gets us
honorary weapon they got that from
fucking shop gentlemen's favor you get
that at the end of the house of Valor
questline solstice righteous apparel
I'll just kind of scroll through Maya
stuff here and if you want to know where
I find any of these sets you know I can
tell you there's a specific area you
find each set not chest than the area
you know the vengeance armor you know
where to get that in the final chord of
winter area
bogans Bane I found in the castles right
north of alabaster I forget what they're
called sorrows talisman or inter shield
crown of the weeping king that's also in
house sorrows questline seekers plate
brimstone barrier polish this all the
dark Imperium shit you could all get in
one area the bowl games Bane stuff's all
in one area you know here's all the
robes of sorrow Shelley
the helm of the hideous Asajj Oh shadow
skin you get at the end of the travelers
quest line Hannigan's shit that's
actually really good rogue armor you
tell you where I found all that stuff
House of ballads obviously it's kind of
beginning and where to find that shit
pear Phineas armory find in literally
the first area and if you search every
chest right when you come out of the
Well of Souls you'll find all the
perfidious armor I found it all right
off the bat shepherd's gauntlets that's
obviously a DLC if any of you are
interested in accessories you know
there's a lot of people that are you
know I know pretty much where I found
most of these I can give you the general
area um I think you know that's about it
alright so once again if you want to
know where any of those weapons are
located just send me a message I could
tell you the general region on the map
where I found them you know some I'm a
random sub them can be found in this
specific region
the sets are all region specific so you
know if you want if you're having
trouble finding a certain piece of armor
just give me a message I'll tell you
exactly where I found it so you guys